fix: lost messages when HTTP connection times out (#10076)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-10076.en.md

Fix webhook bridge error handling: connection timeout should be a retriable error.

> Prior to this fix, connection timeout was clasified as unrecoverable error hence lead to request being dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to this fix, connection timeout was classified as unrecoverable error and led to request being dropped.
```
